# Item Register
The item register is a simple register that can be used to register items. It is a simple wrapper around the forge item register.

For more information about registers and their structure in general, see the [Registers](1.%20Registers.md) page.

## Creating an Item Register
Each mod requires it's own instance of the `ItemRegister` as it requires mod specific details.
An example of how to create and setup an item register can be found below:
```java
// Example in ModItems

// Defining the item register as a static final field
static final ItemRegister ITEMS = new ItemRegister(TestingCore.MODID);


    // Register items here!


// Register the items to the event bus, similar to how you would do it normally
public static void register(IEventBus eventBus) {
    ITEMS.register(eventBus);
}
```
*Example show is taken from the TestingCore which can be found [here](https://github.com/KOWI2OO3/KOWI-Core/tree/main/TestingCore/src/main/java/io/kowi2003/testing_core/init/ModItems.java)*

The `register` method should be called in the mod's main class to register the items to the event bus. As described in the [Register Use](1.%20Registers.md#register-use) segment of the Registers page.

## Item Registration
further more the item registration is done using a simple register method:
```java
// Registering an item
public static final RegistryObject<Item> EXAMPLE_ITEM = ITEMS.register("example_item", () -> new Item(new Item.Properties()));
```
*Example show is taken from the TestingCore which can be found [here](https://github.com/KOWI2OO3/KOWI-Core/tree/main/TestingCore/src/main/java/io/kowi2003/testing_core/init/ModItems.java)*

Different default item classes can be found in [Item Base Classe](#item-base-classes)

The register method is giving you the RegistryObject of the item as you would by using the forge register directly, which can be used to reference the item in other parts of the mod.

## Item Base Classes
The KOWI Core provides a few different base classes for items, which can be found in [Basics/Items](../2.%20Items/).

## Examples
Example of how to use the item register can be found in the internal TestingCore mod [here](https://github.com/KOWI2OO3/KOWI-Core/tree/main/TestingCore/src/main/java/io/kowi2003/testing_core), which acts as an example of how to use the kowi core in general.